docs: Update requirements & tests manual (#840)
doctrine/phpcr-odm: README.md

## Requirements

> * PHP 7.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

that is defined in composer.json which we mention below, imho thats enough.

## Running the tests

> There are separate test sets for `dbal` and `jackrabbit` backends. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are separate test sets for the `doctrine-dbal` and the `jackrabbit` backend.
```
